Create about.md (#10)
polympics/wiki: content/about.md

@title About
@navbar

# The Summer Polympics 

The summer Polympics is an offically sponsored, multi-event Polytopia tournament inspired by the real Olympics. Teams of up to 12 players will be formed based on nationality (or region in the case of very large nations like the US). Teams will send players to participate in a variety of event contests (single player, multiplayer, multiplayer team, and even art events). Gold, silver and bronze medals will be awared for each event. Gold medal winners will also be awarded one month nitro gifts as prizes.

> Players register)https://polytopia.fun/login) and join a team based on nationality. Participants will need a discord account. Teams will send players to compete in ten different events. Some events allow multiple entries per team, others are limited to one representative (or pair of representatives) per team. See events (https://polytopia.fun/events) rules for more details. Some events are mobile only while others allow for Steam or mobile users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Players [register](/login) and join a team based on nationality. Participants will need a discord account. Teams will send players to compete in ten different events. Some events allow multiple entries per team, others are limited to one representative (or pair of representatives) per team. See [event rules](/wiki/events) for more details. Some events are mobile only while others allow for Steam or mobile users.
```
